new control TermSetNavigation (#1527)
pnp/sp-dev-fx-controls-react: docs/documentation/docs/controls/TermSetNavigation.md

# TermSetNavigation

> This control allows you to navigatite a nd select  a Term from a TermSet.  You can also configure context menu for a term to execute specific action .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This control allows you to navigate and select a Term from a TermSet.  You can also configure a context menu for a term to execute a specific action.
```
